https://codepen.io/coleahm/pen/VwewYOp?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Gives structure to our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Provides additional information about an element, goes in the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is the most important heading, should be used only once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        style tags, other important metadata that viewer doesn't see on the page itself
    7. What is an id? 
        Most specific selector 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Anything except the head 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    10. What is a class? 
        Next most specific selector 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Anything except the head 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Accessibility, to know what the image is of and give context if using a screen reader
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        div groups elements together for styling purposes; section groups thematically
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
        Class- multiple elements receive the same styling (all buttons on a page are styled the same, receive class "button"); id- exactly one element receives individual styling (one of those buttons gets different styling receives id "special-button")
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        child selector only applies to children one level deep, rather than all descendents
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        a .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        specifies a special state of the selected class (for example, :hover)
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase text-transform:lowercase text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm <file>; it's permanent, no recovery
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        allows a team to pinpoint where code is broken, provides a safe environment to make changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes, whenever a significant change is completed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push  
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1) fork
        2) add TL as collaborator 
        3) clone button
        4) cd to directory where file should live
        5) git clone <github link>
        6) cd <repo name>
        7) git checkout -b "coleah-mattern"
        8) complete project, making commits frequently
        9) git add .
        10) git commit -m "these are the changes I've made"
        11) git push -u "coleah-mattern"
        12) return to forked project in github; change branch from master to coleahjoan
        13) new pull request
        14) change base repository to my forked repo
        15) add TL as reviewer
        16) submit pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        block element starts a new line, inline takes place within the block 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        other elements are positioned as if it doesn't exist; using position:relative on a div will allow position:absolute on any element inside that div
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        max-width 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block: div, address, h1; inline: span, a; inline-block: ?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        all html elements are boxes consisting of: content, padding, border, margin; max-width 